[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got Reverend
Sarah Nash with us,
the founder of The
White Light Express.
She has developed a
cosmic triage technique
which helps people
to center ground
and protect themselves
during paranormal phenomena.
And today she is going to talk
about portals and gateways.
Sarah, welcome to the program.
>>SARAH NASH: Thank you.
Thank you.
It's lovely to be here.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>> NASH: I have been
great, busy, very busy.
I have a new Oracle deck, the
Cosmic Triage Oracle deck.
The Spiritus Mundi,
that's coming out.
I've been doing a lot
more talking about portals
and gateways, and
so this is still
kind of a new subject for me.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in this subject?
>> NASH: Because I
had an experience,
and I'm the world's most
skeptical psychic anyways.
>>NOORY: Yes, you are,
knowing you that I have.
>> NASH: And if I can't see it,
if I haven't experienced it,
or if somebody's
telling me about it,
I have to sit inside of it.
But my experience actually
walking into a portal
is really what just threw me
into this whole experience
of portals and
gateways and trying
to find your way through
the supernatural realms.
>>NOORY: What are portals?
What are gateways?
>> NASH: Portals are
metaphysical bridges.
They're tangible.
You go literally from
one space to the next.
Gateways are more of a spiritual
experience, and they mark time.
Gateways like, for instance, the
Lions Gate, that's the big one.
The 8-8, it happens August 8,
and it has something to do with
the planetary alignment.
But here's the key.
Gateways can usually be an
anniversary or a birthday.
It marks a time.
It marks a time for us to
sit down and pay attention.
And really, gateways
actually open portals.
>>NOORY: Where do portals lead?
>> NASH: That's the key.
No one really knows.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean, nobody knows?
>> NASH: My experience
in a portal,
I had no idea what was going on.
Can I tell you about it?
>>NOORY: Tell us about it.
>> NASH: Yeah, it happened at
the SeaTac airport, March 13,
2019.
I was dropping my son
off to see his father.
He's an adult. He
was visiting his dad.
>>NOORY: That's
in Seattle, right?
>> NASH: Yeah, yeah.
And as I left, after
I dropped him off,
I actually walked with
him into the airport.
There was something going
on with his luggage,
and we weren't sure.
But anyways, normally,
I just drive up
and drop them off and leave.
But this time I
actually had to park.
As I was coming back,
elevator doors opened,
and I'm walking through
the parking garage.
And first of all, what looked
like the Super Mario Brothers
we're getting onto the
elevator as I was getting off
the elevator, and I laughed.
And I said, "Is there
a comic con going on?"
And the taller one who had
the green hat, he just kind of
took off his hat, and he
looked at me as though--
>>NOORY: He was offended, right?
>> NASH: A little bit, yeah.
But here's the thing.
As I left, the entire
parking garage was dusty.
The light was wrong.
I couldn't find
an exit anywhere.
And I couldn't find my truck.
I think I had been in
there for about 10 hours.
>>NOORY: Like you were
in a different place.
>> NASH: It was like the
show "Stranger Things."
They call it The Upside Down.
I just wandered.
I just wandered through
the entire parking area.
And I heard this noise.
There was this noise, like a
very large, clunking, crushing
sound.
And I didn't know where
it was coming from,
and it was really
very frightening.
>>NOORY: How did you
stumble out of the portal
to come back to reality?
>> NASH: That's just it.
All of my guides--
I'm a psychic, and as a
medium and a channeler,
I do have people that I
speak to from the other side.
None of that was available.
It was as though I was
completely not connected.
It was just me.
And as I wandered through
this parking garage, the dust
and the noise--
just that one
noise, that was it.
So I finally just had to cover
my heart, my heart space,
and I asked God for help.
>>NOORY: Were you scared?
>> NASH: I was terrified.
>>NOORY: We happen to
have a video of you
walking through your portal
experience at the SeaTac
Airport.
This is amazing.
>> NASH: So here I
am, at SeaTac airport.
I came out of an elevator,
and it didn't look like this.
It's a different floor.
It definitely
wasn't this bright.
I noticed that, as I
walked, the cars began
getting dustier and dustier.
And it looked like that.
There was no light,
and there was no sound,
except for this really odd
thumping and crushing sound.
And I didn't time it because--
It didn't have these lights.
It did not have these lights.
That would have been kind of
cool, but there were no lights.
And there was no--
there was nothing.
And none of my usual--
my guides weren't with me.
I was alone.
I never felt more
alone in my life.
And so I literally had to stop.
I was thirsty.
I was tired.
There were layers
of dust everywhere.
So I closed my eyes and I just
said, please, God, help me.
At that moment, behind
my eyes, I saw light.
When I opened my eyes, there
was a car in front of me.
The person behind the wheel was
just going, hey, crazy lady,
get out of the lane.
And I was never so happy.
I'm sure they
thought I was insane.
I was waving to them like, yay!
And I could see--
I could see daylight.
It was absolutely terrifying.
And by the time I
got out, I was never
so glad to see this right here.
I wanted to get out quickly.
>>NOORY: Sarah, do you
think initially you
were in the same place
at a different time
or a different
place permanently?
>> NASH: These are questions
that I've been asking myself
ever since this happened.
And that's what really
catapulted me into learning more
about portals.
This was the first time
that anything like this
had ever really happened to
me, and so I began interviewing
a lot of my clients.
I put a lot of information out
there asking for other people
to come forward with
their experiences.
This put me in a place of
shock for quite some time.
I had to go through
the was I going crazy?
Was I losing my mind?
>>NOORY: In the reenactment, you
seem disturbed just with that.
>> NASH: Yeah, yeah.
And thank you.
Thank you for noticing that
because even now it's shocking,
and it was a little traumatic.
And as a trauma
recovery specialist--
I have my master's degree
in behavioral science.
And when I have to deal
with these kinds of things,
which is why I stop, drop, and
roll or center, ground, protect.
I had to use that
information for myself
in this paranormal experience.
>>NOORY: Let's rule out
some kind of medical quirk.
>> NASH: Exactly, I had to.
>>NOORY: Can you do that?
>> NASH: I can, yeah.
I did.
[LAUGHS] And I thought
that I had been--
>>NOORY: Maybe a stroke
or something like that.
Who knows?
So you say none of that?
>> NASH: None of that.
None of that.
And in fact, I didn't tell
anybody about the experience.
I didn't tell my family.
I didn't tell anyone.
I did tell my doctor.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>> NASH: Well, because here
here's what I know about when
these traumatic experiences
happen for people.
It's very difficult
to talk about,
because it doesn't seem that
important when you're just
in the retelling of it.
Oh, I got lost in
the parking garage.
No, I didn't get lost.
I went to a different time
and a different place.
>>NOORY: And thank
God you came back.
>> NASH: And that's the key
because I had to find out what
happened on March 13th of 2019.
And evidently-- I have
some notes about that,
and we can talk a little
bit more about that later.
But there was a quantum
computer that had been set back
a nanosecond in time.
And so I feel that
those of us who
are doing this scientific
research, the people who
run CERN, for
example, I think we
have a moral obligation
to take a step back.
Christina Munns,
she's a physicist,
the author of the Unified Field
Theory, and a friend of mine.
And even she said that
it was reprehensible what
they were doing.
You can't just go
around punching holes
into the space time
continuum without some kind
of repercussion.
>>NOORY: Is it conceivable
that there was a Sarah
Nash through this
portal, but there
was a Sarah Nash in our
current life existence,
and it was happening
simultaneously?
>> NASH: I've wondered
about that too.
And so I went into meditation--
and I don't think so.
All things are possible,
but I don't think so,
because I was very aware
of who I was, where I was,
and what the situation was,
and what was happening.
I felt as though I'd been
wandering in that parking
garage for about 10 hours.
>>NOORY: Did you
physically feel OK?
>> NASH: Yes.
>>NOORY: I don't know
if you remember--
you're a little too young--
"The Twilight Zone"
episodes of the past.
But there was an episode
called "Little Girl Lost."
>> NASH: It sounds familiar.
>>NOORY: Parents woke
up in bed one night,
and they heard their
daughter going, Mommy, Daddy,
where are you?
Where are you?
So they went into her
bedroom, and she was gone.
They couldn't find her, but they
could hear her through the wall.
Mommy, Daddy, I can't find you.
She had gone through a
portal into another dimension
and could not find her way back.
And so "The Twilight Zone"
episode ended up being where
the father tied a
rope around himself.
The wife held on to it.
He went through the wall
and into the portal,
found her, grabbed her, and
the mother pulled him back,
and she was saved.
Could that have happened to you?
>> NASH: [LAUGHS] Only if
somebody knew that I was there.
And that was my biggest worry.
There are so many
people who go missing.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
I was just going to tell you.
Do you know David Politis?
>> NASH: No, I don't know him.
>>NOORY: David has
done extensive work
on people missing in parks.
>> NASH: Oh, right,
from the UFO-- yes.
>>NOORY: They just disappear.
Little kids may be behind
their parents, giggling.
Two minutes later, the
parent turns around,
and the kid's gone.
No scream, no yelling, it's
not like a mountain lion
came down and grabbed him.
He's gone.
I think they're falling
through portals--
>> NASH: I think they are too.
>>NOORY: --and they can't
find their way back.
You can't see the opening.
>> NASH: It's terrifying.
And so being there on
the other side, the dust,
and it's like, what is time?
And that was the other thing.
I had to start asking
myself, what is time?
Because I truly felt that
I'd been in this place
for at least 10 hours.
>>NOORY: How many times
has this happened to you?
>> NASH: Once, just once, and
I only want it to happen once.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: How many people
are experiencing this?
>> NASH: Many.
I have so many stories.
A friend of mine, actually,
a very good friend, he
came forward after I told
him about my experience.
And he said that a
very similar thing
had happened to him at his
neighbor's house in Georgia
when he was 20 years old.
He ended up walking through
a corn field-- not corn,
I'm sorry, tomatoes.
And he ended up getting lost
in a tomato patch for hours.
>>NOORY: Geez.
Do you remember the
story of Rip Van Winkle?
This is during the
American Revolution.
He sat by a tree and drank
himself into a stupor.
He fell asleep.
He was so drunk.
He woke up, and 20 years
had gone by, 20 years.
His whole life had changed.
Tell us about that story.
>> NASH: Well, when
we look at that story,
we have to look at the
origins of that story.
And again, Diogenes,
the Greek philosopher,
wrote the first Rip Van Winkle,
if you will, "Epimenides."
And evidently, he had
fallen asleep for 57 years.
And he walked into a
cave-- he was a shepherd.
And he walked into
a cave at Mount Ida.
And it's interesting
that these always seem
to happen around caves too.
There's a lot of caves
involved in that.
And that also made me think
perhaps this parking garage was
something like a cave too.
>>NOORY: How many
portals do you think
there could be on the planet?
>> NASH: I think it's--
>>NOORY: Unknown?
>> NASH: Unknown,
so many, so many.
And well, if we look at what
NASA discovered in 2012,
they discovered what
they call these X spots.
X marks the spot.
And sometimes they're there,
and sometimes they're not.
But they have literally found
wormholes or portals thousands
of miles into our
upper atmosphere that
appear and disappear, and
particles go into them.
>>NOORY: Do they open
and close at will?
>> NASH: They're still trying
to figure that one out.
>>NOORY: What do you think?
>> NASH: It depends on
what "at will" means.
That would seem that there
would be something behind it
causing that to happen.
And that's the key.
If we could figure out more
about how to open up a portal,
for instance, travel
becomes easier.
Can we think of
the opportunities
that we could have
to get from point A
to point B in the
blink of an eye?
>>NOORY: If you were able to see
portals throughout this planet,
do you think the place
would-- like these lights,
every little light is a portal.
Would they be that numerous?
>> NASH: Possibly,
but I don't think so.
I think that it would actually
have to follow some kind of--
based on my
research, there would
have to be some kind
of pattern to it.
And so finding the pattern,
that's the key right there.
The difference between
a gateway and a portal
is gateways can often
lead to portals.
So if we have very
specific gateways--
if we think of our pagan
ancestors and how they
celebrated the seasons
as they come and go--
we have solstice, which is
coming up here very soon,
and the equinoxes.
But there's so many other
times and dates, too,
that if we began to
pay more attention
to the energy of the people
and the focus of the people,
it's the power of intention.
>>NOORY: Is there an electronic
device that can find portals?
Do we have any kind of
equipment like that?
>> NASH: Supposedly, there
are, but I'm a little skeptical
of those.
I think more there are
devices that find energy,
packets of energy, if you will.
>>NOORY: But you're
convinced portals exist?
>> NASH: I've been through one.
I can't unknow what
I've experienced.
>>NOORY: But they are
different from gateways?
>> NASH: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: To me,
they sound similar.
>> NASH: Right?
If we think of a portal as
an elevator and the gateway,
the sign that points
to the elevator,
we can separate what
gateways are from portals.
>>NOORY: I've heard the
phrase "monthly gateways."
What is that?
>> NASH: The monthly gateways,
essentially, every month--
and John Dee was the first
mathematician and philosopher.
He was the astronomer
for Queen Elizabeth.
But he said that all
of God and everything--
you could know God if you knew
science, and, essentially, math
and numbers was the
way to know God.
So with if we use the
Gregorian calendar,
we know that the monthly gateway
for January is on the first day.
For February, it would
be the second day,
and so forth and so on.
The Lion's Gate, the 8-8 gate,
is the most powerful and the one
that people talk about
more often because it has
an alignment with,
I believe, Orion.
And so what they call
the spiritual son
of Sirius or Sirus--
>>NOORY: How can we use
these dates to our advantage?
>> NASH: I believe
that with each month,
and as a former broker--
I used to work for Bank
of America, by the way.
>>NOORY: Oh, good.
>> NASH: [LAUGHS] I would
follow the patterns.
And after so many
years, I realized that--
say, for instance,
yesterday was June 6.
That was a gateway.
But I would get more
done and more effectively
and with a greater and
bigger and more positive
outcome on the monthly gateways.
I promote those on the
White Light Express--
>>NOORY: But how do you know?
>> NASH: By experience.
The money talked.
>>NOORY: Do you put
them on a calendar?
>> NASH: Mm-hm.
>>NOORY: Really?
What's the earliest
time that we know of,
documented, about
portals and gateways,
where humans have talked about
what you have talked about?
>> NASH: Well, we could go
back to The Epic of Gilgamesh.
That's 4,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: What happened there?
>> NASH: Well, essentially,
he had to go through a portal
to meet the gods to
start this epic journey.
>>NOORY: Or a wormhole.
There's a lot of
similarities here.
>> NASH: Well, I think
portals are wormholes.
I think that if we
really-- scientifically,
there has got to be a reason
why what happened to me
at the airport--
whether it was the velocity
of airplanes taking off,
the specific date--
>>NOORY: --a fluke?
>> NASH: I don't think so.
I wanted it to be, but that's
why I began looking at the--
there has to be
more going on there.
>>NOORY: But as soon as
you walked into the portal,
you popped out of it again.
>> NASH: No.
>>NOORY: How long do you think,
time wise, you were in there?
>> NASH: I thought I was in
there for at least 10 hours.
>>NOORY: 10 hours?
>> NASH: That's
what it felt like.
When I looked at my cell phone
in my truck, it was 10 minutes.
>>NOORY: Nobody texted
you or called you
during that time period?
>> NASH: My phone actually died.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: I wonder why.
>> NASH: Oddly enough.
But paying attention
to the gateways
and following the
monthly seasons
numbers, I think
we're going to be able
to imagine, if you will,
laying out where the
portals will meet up
on certain ley lines.
If we look at Stonehenge,
that's on 14 ley lines.
>>NOORY: Gobekli Tepe, all that.
>> NASH: All of that and
so many more, Machu Picchu.
Those are the big ones, though.
Pretty soon we're going to have
to put SeaTac Airport on that
as well.
But sincerely, there's just so
much behind that we don't know,
and there has to be some
science behind it as well.
>>NOORY: There's
a temple in India
that you believe is
a portal as well.
We're looking at
a picture of it?
>> NASH: 100%.
>>NOORY: What are we looking at?
>> NASH: That is Kopeshwar.
It's a temple in India.
And that's called the mandapa.
This is rare here.
The bottom line is, doesn't that
look like a stargate to you?
>>NOORY: It does.
>> NASH: Kopeshwar
actually means angry god.
Vishnu is angry, wrathful God.
So in order for him
to be calmed down,
he brought Shiva to this place.
And so I feel that we built
temples and sanctuaries
over places that
have had essentially
these kinds of experiences.
>>NOORY: Are there
common similarities
in the portals, myths, and
stories all around the planet?
Is there any common denominator?
>> NASH: Missing time, odd
sounds, but most of all,
the missing time,
that sense of--
and I'm glad that
I didn't walk out,
and it wasn't 10
years later too.
>>NOORY: You apparently
have a labyrinth portal
in your back yard.
Let's take a look at you
wandering through it.
>> NASH: This labyrinth
is really about, well,
happy endings and
happy beginnings.
You pick up a stone, and
you walk to the center,
and you leave it there, and
that's your happy ending.
You say goodbye to something,
a friend, a lover, an event,
something.
As you walk out, that's
the happy beginning.
You pick up a stone
that someone has left,
and you carry that out because,
well, without each other,
what good is this place anyways?
But Lia, Rose, and I have spent
quite a bit of time in here.
A labyrinth is a portal, and it
is also a gateway, but mostly
a portal.
And all the labyrinths
of the world
are connected through this
beautiful labyrinth network.
It is an energy that
appears all over the world.
And I'll tell you, we've seen
some pretty spectacular things
here, visions of white reindeer.
People have seen Bigfoot.
And one woman went into
labor directly after leaving.
Do you remember that, Peter?
>>PETER: I do remember, yes.
>> NASH: So that was an
entrance for someone to come
into the world too.
>>NOORY: Peter's your
husband that we heard?
>> NASH: Yes.
>>NOORY: It looked like a
crop formation, doesn't it?
>> NASH: Exactly.
There are two types
of labyrinths,
essentially, that you can
find all over the world.
And the oldest labyrinth is
at least 12,000 years old,
if not older.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>> NASH: And they go back
and forth with regard
to the documentation
and the timelines.
But the labyrinth that
is most commonly known
is the Cretan labyrinth or
the classical labyrinth,
which looks like a brain.
And that has shown up
all over the world,
and it's cross-cultural.
Now, the labyrinth that you
saw in my backyard, that
is considered a
medieval labyrinth.
And the first one that
they've been able to find
is at Chartres
Cathedral in France.
And so there have been
lots of ideas and theories
about what the labyrinth does.
But I'll tell you, when I
have walked a labyrinth,
as a medium, I have been
able to take spirits who are,
if you will, trapped
here and help
them move through because
a labyrinth is not a maze.
A labyrinth is-- you don't
get lost in a labyrinth,
and there are no false ends.
>>NOORY: And you
come back from it.
>> NASH: And you
come back right away,
and you can see
where you're going.
And so, essentially,
labyrinths are portals, though.
You can have a really beautiful
and enlightening experience
as you walk a labyrinth.
They've hooked people up to
EKGs, EEGs, with their brains,
and your right hemisphere
and your left hemisphere
begin crossing as
you go through--
>>NOORY: And they're
very activated.
>> NASH: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Did the ancients
use portals and labyrinths
in their cultures?
>> NASH: Absolutely
they did, yes.
>>NOORY: How so?
>> NASH: Mostly
for tribal dancing.
And they felt that, as they
danced through these, well,
spiral paths, if
you will, they would
be able to lead spirits
away into safety
and hide evil and wicked
spirits, if you will,
cause them to become
confused and not follow.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
What happens to us when we walk
through these things, anything
physical?
>> NASH: Yes,
absolutely physical.
But it's more of what happens
to your heart and soul.
And I have found,
when I began walking
a labyrinth-- let's
say, for example, I'm
thinking about my grocery list.
By the time I get to the
center, I've become calm.
My brain is calm.
My mind is calm.
My spirit is calm.
>>NOORY: We've got some
more pictures of labyrinths,
and I want you to explain
what we're looking at.
>> NASH: This labyrinth
here is found in Russia,
and it is one of the
oldest labyrinths.
There are over, I think, 14
different labyrinths found
in this one specific area.
>>NOORY: This is Zayatsky?
>> NASH: Yes, and this is
an incredibly old labyrinth.
Now, this labyrinth
here is considered
one of the oldest on earth,
and it's found in India.
>>NOORY: Who made that?
>> NASH: Our ancestors.
>>NOORY: Why do you
walk through these?
>> NASH: That's a good question.
I wanted something really
amazing and spectacular
to happen to me the first time
I walked a labyrinth because I'd
been reading about them so much.
What I found when I got
to the center was peace.
And that's what happens.
>>NOORY: What's entailed
to walk through these?
You walk through that pattern
around and around and around?
>> NASH: Yes, that's
all there is to it.
And you would think that it
would be a very simple thing.
It's actually not.
And here's the
fascinating thing.
As you walk with
other people, you
begin to understand that
this is the walk of life
because you can't all be on
the same path at the same time.
But you can cross each other.
>>NOORY: How many
labyrinths have you walked?
>> NASH: At least
100, if not more.
>>NOORY: Really?
That many?
>> NASH: As a former member
of The Labyrinth Society,
anybody can find a labyrinth
to near them if they go
to labyrinthlocator.com.
>>NOORY: And you feel
energetic afterwards?
>> NASH: Sometimes.
It depends.
And labyrinths have their
own personalities too,
as do portals.
Portals have their
own personalities.
I'm firmly convinced
that there's
got to be the happy
portal and the sad portal
and then the portal of
terrifying, loud crunching
noises in SeaTac.
And I'm glad that I can
actually laugh about it now
because for a while I couldn't.
>>NOORY: You took
this seriously.
>> NASH: I still do.
>>NOORY: What's a vortex?
>> NASH: See now,
vortices, I think,
are what may be fuel portals.
>>NOORY: Are they connected?
>> NASH: 100%, I think so.
And this is how we
have to find how all--
we have gateways, portals,
and then vortices.
And when we say vortex, I can't
help but think of a vacuum.
But what does a vacuum do?
It sucks one thing from one
place and puts it in another.
And so you have this whirling
apparatus and, hence,
we've got "The Wizard of Oz."
A tornado, this vortex came in
and took Dorothy from one place
to the next.
We have these
portals and vortices
and things that have shown
up in our history forever.
>>NOORY: What's the most
famous mythological portal
that you know of?
>> NASH: I would have
to say it's Stonehenge.
People tend to talk about
Stonehenge, even though there
are thousands of
other stone circles
that are bigger and
probably more energetic.
Stonehenge, people
talk about Stonehenge.
And I know that people have
had experiences there too.
>>NOORY: How do you explain
these things scientifically?
>> NASH: That's the key.
>>NOORY: You can't.
>> NASH: You can't.
But I believe that, eventually,
in time, we will be able to.
I believe that scientists
out there right now know more
than what they're
sharing with us,
especially because of
NASA showing up and saying
since 2012, they've been
aware of these X spots.
>>NOORY: Is there a
physics behind this, Sarah?
>> NASH: Absolutely,
there has to be.
It's beyond quantum
physics, though.
Quantum physics, I
think, is the first step
into getting to the physics
of these metaphysical bridges,
if you will.
>>NOORY: Do you have
skeptics who say, come on,
this is a bunch of malarkey.
>> NASH: [LAUGHS]
Everyone, including myself,
until it happened to me.
And that's why I'm
here, if you will,
being something of a missionary.
>>NOORY: How do you
deal with the skeptics?
>> NASH: You laugh at them.
>>NOORY: You don't care?
>> NASH: Well, I think
it's important to listen.
But if you're
skeptical, ask why.
Why are you being skeptical?
What is it?
Just because of all
the stories behind it?
We look at the stories
like "Alice in Wonderland."
We look at "Wizard of Oz."
we look at "Harry Potter."
There have been so
many stories out there.
And it makes for great fiction.
It truly does because
anything is possible.
But see, that's just it.
What happened to
me is nonfiction.
And it was possible,
and I was terrified.
It literally has to
be one of the worst
experiences of my life.
>>NOORY: Really?
>> NASH: If I can help anyone
avoid that kind of pain--
>>NOORY: What scared
you so much about it?
>> NASH: Not being able to
know if I was going to get out.
It just went on and on and on.
>>NOORY: Were there
any other cars there?
You were looking for yours.
>> NASH: Right.
>>NOORY: But were
there any other cars?
Did you see any other people
or anything like that?
>> NASH: Nothing.
Of course, there
were cars, and they
were covered in layers of dust.
>>NOORY: Like they'd
been there forever.
>> NASH: Yes.
>>NOORY: Like a nuke
went off or something.
>> NASH: Exactly.
And that actually went
through my mind too.
There were a lot of things
that went through my mind
during this experience.
But more importantly,
I'm here now with you,
and I'm able to share it with
you, which was not easy for me
to do, by the way.
>>NOORY: Would you walk
through a portal with me?
>> NASH: I would.
>>NOORY: Can we get back?
>> NASH: [LAUGHS]
That's always the key.
However, it seems like
everybody does come back,
so that's the good news.
>>NOORY: You think?
Those who have not
come back are gone.
>> NASH: Those are
the missing ones.
>>NOORY: We have
hundreds of thousands
of people disappearing on
this planet every year.
Where in the heck do they go?
>> NASH: Through portals.
>>NOORY: Something's going on.
Something is
definitely going on.
>>NOORY: What are
we looking at here?
>> NASH: That is my
Cosmic Triage deck,
and that will be
available this August.
But I've been using
this as a portal
to help people get from
point A to point B,
and I'd like to show
you how it works.
>>NOORY: What
inspired you to do it?
>> NASH: Well, I have been
reading tarot cards for over 35
years, and this deck actually
helps me set the path
or basically give me an idea of
where you're at before I even
lay out any of my tarot cards.
As a Jungian analyst, signs and
symbols and sigils and images
have always been a very
important part of my work.
And so when I developed
Cosmic Triage, this deck,
called Spiritus
Mundi, what we have
are red lights, green
lights, and yellow lights.
So basically, if you get a
red light card, you stop.
Yellow light card, well, you
got to slow down or maybe even
punch it to get through.
>>NOORY: Who picks
the cards, you or me?
>> NASH: I do.
>>NOORY: Let's do it.
>> NASH: Let's do it.
All right.
I've wanted to do this
with you for a while.
>>NOORY: Now, with the
magic of television,
we have a table here, and we're
going to do a tarot reading.
>> NASH: We're going to start
out using the Cosmic Triage
Oracle Spiritus Mundi, the one
that I was telling you about
with the red light, green
light, yellow light.
So let's go ahead and find out,
and let's just do a general one.
We're going to find out
how things are going.
And George, since you're
the man of the hour,
you'd want to hold an idea
or a thought in your mind,
and we'll just go
ahead and start.
OK, that's really interesting.
You've got what is
called a yellow light.
This particular card
here is the hawk.
Can you see what it says
at the top over that?
It's the universe
saying, slow down.
>>NOORY: It says, the falcon.
>> NASH: The falcon?
Did I call it a hawk?
It's my own deck.
[LAUGHS] I think it's because
I saw a hawk earlier today.
>>NOORY: Did you
develop these cards?
>> NASH: I did.
I did.
I drew them.
And like I said, I've been
using them for over 10 years.
But they allow me to have an
idea of how best to approach
the person that I'm going to be
laying out the tarot cards for.
>>NOORY: How many
cards do you pull?
>> NASH: Just two of these.
One is called the crossing card,
and that's the crossing card.
>>NOORY: This one
says, protection.
>> NASH: And I think that has
an awful lot to do with the fact
that we've been
talking about portals.
And I think it's
important for people
to stay protected, too,
when they go places
and they do things, just
to be aware and mindful.
>>NOORY: And how do
you stay protected?
>> NASH: Well, that's the key.
That's the mindfulness
part of it.
That's where stop, drop, and
roll with the center, ground,
and protect comes in.
>>NOORY: How many cards do
you pull for an individual?
>> NASH: When I'm doing
a full session, 12.
I'm just going to
do a real quick one.
It's you, the situation,
and a possible outcome.
So normally I would spend a
little time shuffling these,
but we'll go ahead and start.
The first one is the
Five of Pentacles.
That represents you, the
person, everyone, the public.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>> NASH: The Five of
Pentacles is about love.
This is representation of love.
It's the broken
hearted, if you will.
It represents relationships.
So I can tell,
essentially, that this
has a lot to do with moving
around, talking to people,
and the things that happen to
us through miscommunication.
Now, the situation
is the Four of Cups,
and that has an awful
lot to do with work.
So here it is.
The final one is a Major Arcana.
There are 22 Major Arcana in--
>>NOORY: It looks
like a mermaid.
>> NASH: Isn't it interesting
how tarot decks are very
different?
There are so many out there.
The cosmic-- now, this is
like portals and gateways.
The difference between
oracle cards and tarot cards
are the fact that oracles can be
anything that the designer wants
them to be.
They can--
>>NOORY: So this is
already pulling on me?
What does this mean?
>> NASH: What this means is that
we have a yellow light for this.
The universe wants
you to move slowly
through the situation, the
outcome, and who you are.
So this is like walking
through a portal, if you will,
with your mind.
You take a look at
it, you lay it out,
and you get your answers.
And that's what
portals should do.
Portals should give us answers,
rather than more questions.
>>NOORY: Are these
cards telling you
I'm moving too quickly
in life or what?
>> NASH: It could be.
It could be.
But it also means
slow down in love.
Pay attention more to those
who you love and who love you.
And that pretty much
goes for everyone.
>>NOORY: That
doesn't mean I'm not.
>> NASH: [LAUGHS] No,
it's a suggestion.
It has an awful lot
to do with devotion.
>>NOORY: Do one more batch.
>> NASH: Now, let's
do one for the world.
>>NOORY: The world, all
right, it'll be our last one.
>> NASH: How about that?
>>NOORY: So tell us what it is.
>> NASH: The universe is saying
everyone needs to slow down.
This is the second yellow
light card that we've gotten.
But it's also about
fanciful things.
This is the fairy bat.
And I remember when I
created this particular card.
It had an awful lot to do--
and it's no coincidence that
it's actually showing up,
because we're talking about
fanciful things, things
that really don't make
any sense to people.
And is it a fairy
tale, or is it real?
Well, bats are terrifying,
to some people.
Some people are--
>>NOORY: To a lot of people.
>> NASH: But if you
have a fairy bat--
look at his cute little face.
So essentially, if you can take
the terror out of something--
and not that you want to
make it common or mundane,
but, basically,
you just want to be
able to say things
happen all the time.
And how is the best way that we
can move forward and greet life?
>>NOORY: So you just pull one?
>> NASH: Now we find
the crossing card.
That's all, just one.
And that's what oracles do.
>>NOORY: Do you do
readings for people?
>> NASH: I do, all the time.
>>NOORY: How do they
get a hold of you?
>> NASH: Cosmictriage.org
or whitelightexpress.org.
The White Light Express is
definitely the best way.
>>NOORY: That's your place.
And what is this, Sarah?
>> NASH: This is chaos.
So basically--
>>NOORY: This is for
the world, chaos?
>> NASH: Exactly.
What crosses this
yellow light, it's
go slowly because
chaos is coming.
>>NOORY: Thank you for
being on "Beyond Belief."
Take care of yourself,
and watch those portals.
>> NASH: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: I've never
walked through a portal,
that I know of.
But I guess it
would scare me too,
wandering around for 10 hours,
not knowing where I was.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]